>> Mike: We also got something
called destructured assignment, and
this is a rather complex example just
to show, like, the power of this idea.
But say we have a value here, person,
which is a pretty deeply nested object and
sorry for
the unconventional formatting here, but
hopefully you get the idea
of the outlining.
And then on the bottom,
we are basically trying to capture values
that exist deep within this structure.
And, we can capture one or more values at
the same time in one statement, right?
So, in this case, just reading
the second let here, we're saying first,
well sorry, we're saying to begin I
wish to go into this name object and
go and grab me whatever value is
there under the property first.
And then go into the languages object and
into the backend object, and
get me that backend object.
And I want to assign that to
a variable called serverSkills.
So we do that all in one statement here.
So effectively, we'd be able to
log out something like this.
So we're logging out the thing we
got under the value of name first.
And then,
the keys available on language's backend,
and that's where we get elixir from.
But that's the idea of
destructured assignment, and
if you've used a language that had
something like pattern matching in it.
You could think of it just as,
during assignment,
we basically try to make, try to look
at the structure on the right and
the left and figure out a way that
assignments can be made such that,
we can have the stuff on the left
captures values from stuff on the right.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So name and languages would
not be accessible as variables?
>> Mike: Correct.
Name and languages would not
be accessible as variables.
They are simply there to define
structure of where I'm looking to go and
grab variables.
And the reason you know that
is because it's a key, right?
There's a colon to the right of it,
as opposed to places where I'm
capturing things, or there isn't.
The exception being backend
where I'm basically aliasing it.
If I didn't have serverSkills and
I deleted the column to the right of
backend, I'd have a variable
that I could use as backend.
So that's just the optional
renaming at work.